updating connect to a cluster section (#1585)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/app-dev-context/connect-to-a-cluster.md

  - guide-context
---

> A [Temporal Client](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-client) enables you to communicate with a Temporal [Cluster](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cluster).
> Communications with a Temporal Cluster include the following, but are not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Temporal Client](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-client) enables you to communicate with a [Temporal Cluster](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cluster).
Communications with a Temporal Cluster include, but aren't limited to, the following:
```

- starting Workflow Executions
- sending Signals to Workflow Executions
- sending Queries to Workflow Executions
- getting the results of a Workflow Execution
- providing an Activity Task Token

:::caution

> A Temporal Client cannot be initialized and used inside of Workflow code.
> However, it is acceptable and common to use a Temporal Client inside an Activity, to communicate with the Temporal Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Temporal Client cannot be initialized and used inside Workflow code.
However, it is acceptable and common to use a Temporal Client inside an Activity to communicate with the Temporal Cluster.
```

:::

> When you are running a Cluster locally, [temporalite](/clusters/quick-install#temporalite) for example, the number of connection options you must provide is minimal.
> Many SDKs default to the local host / IP and port that temporalite and [Docker Compose](/clusters/quick-install#docker-compose) serve up (`127.0.0.1:7233`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are running a Cluster locally (such as [temporalite](/clusters/quick-install#temporalite)), the number of connection options you must provide is minimal.
Many SDKs default to the local host or IP address and port that temporalite and [Docker Compose](/clusters/quick-install#docker-compose) serve (`127.0.0.1:7233`).
```

> When you are connecting to a production Cluster, [Temporal Cloud](/concepts/what-is-temporal-cloud) for example, you will likely need provide additional connection and client options that might include, but are not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are connecting to a production Cluster (such as [Temporal Cloud](/concepts/what-is-temporal-cloud)), you will likely need provide additional connection and client options that might include, but are not limited to, the following:
```

> When you are connecting to a production Cluster (such as [Temporal Cloud](/concepts/what-is-temporal-cloud)), you will likely need provide additional connection and client options that might include, but are not limited to, the following:

Author: ```suggestion
When you are connecting to a production Cluster (such as [Temporal Cloud](/concepts/what-is-temporal-cloud)), you will likely need to provide additional connection and client options that might include, but are not limited to, the following:
```

- address and port

> - [Namespace](/concepts/what-is-a-namespace) (Example Temporal Cloud Namespace: `<Namespace_ID>.tmprl.cloud`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Namespace](/concepts/what-is-a-namespace) (like a Temporal Cloud Namespace: `<Namespace_ID>.tmprl.cloud`)
```

- mTLS CA certificate
- mTLS private key

> For more information about managing and generating Client certificates for Temporal Cloud see the [Generating certificates guide](/cloud/how-to-manage-certificates-in-temporal-cloud.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about managing and generating client certificates for Temporal Cloud, see [How to manage certificates in Temporal Cloud](/cloud/how-to-manage-certificates-in-temporal-cloud.md).
```
